== 0.2.6
* Added --debug to executable with multiple debug hooks
* Added --ruby_debug and -I to executable to change $LOAD_PATH and $DEBUG
* Added @option method attribute as a more readable complement to @options
* Added proper exit code for failed commands (#12)
* Added friendlier errors for libraries with SyntaxError or LoaderError
* Added validation to method attributes
* Improved RequireLibrary to more robustly handle gems like httparty
* Fixed 1.9.2-rc2 bugs including #14
* Fixed --console for ruby >= 1.8.7
* Fixed --help for namespaced commands

== 0.2.5
* Fixed critical gemspec error

== 0.2.4
* Tests use bacon and pass on all major ruby versions
* Fixed bug for 1.8.7 and super (#10)
* Added commandline pipes with '+'
* Fixed bug when requiring rubygems in a library
* Fixed bug in sort pipe for 1.9.2
* Got rid of jeweler in Rakefile and $LOAD_PATH meddling
* Refactored BinRunner's error handling

== 0.2.3
* Added improved support and additional attributes for user pipe options
* Added :pipes global command option
* Added json + yaml parsing to get()
* Added underscore searching to option values
* Added build_install() command
* Added :usage_options commandline option

== 0.2.2
* Renamed Boson::Command#description to #desc. Delete your index at ~/.boson/config/index.marshal.
* Renamed Boson::Command#global_options to #option_command. Update your configs.
* Bug fix for Windows and indexing (#4)
* Added system wide Boson commands at /etc/boson (#2)
* Added Boson::Command#config for plugins to set/get via @config
* Added option_command and unload options to BinRunner
* Added special option parsing characters: - and --
* Added special :output_class key for global render_options
* Added :delete_options global option
* Fixed --no variant for single letter booleans
* Fixed MethodInspector parsing arguments with special characters
* Allow global -p to work even in failures
* Allow -hv to default to verbose help
* Boson::OptionParser tweaks

== 0.2.1
* Added local libraries: Bosonfile and under local repositories
* Added config method attribute.
* Added default_option and global_options command attributes.
* Added OptionParser.parse and OptionParser.usage for scripting use.
* Improved auto-rendering from commandline.
* Removed library reload.
* Better docs.

== 0.2.0
* Command options
** Added custom global and render options for commands.
** Added pipe and filter option commands.
** Add global query option.
* Options
** Users can define custom option types.
** Added hash option type.
** Any option can be a boolean with :bool_default attribute.
** Adding * aliasing to relevant options.
* Made Boson::Scientist.commandify for use outside Boson.
* Any command can have a default option.
* Directories are namespaced automatically.
* Solidified library module callback methods.
* Added support for Windows home.
* Improved ModuleLibrary to handle class or module class methods.
* Better search and sort integration with Hirb.
* Better docs.
* Fixed number of bugs.
* query_fields option for searching libraries and commands is deprecated. Specifying query
  fields is now done by prefixing a query with ':'. For example:
  bash> boson commands library_type:gem
  # instead of
  bash> boson commands gem --query_fields=library_type

== 0.1.0
* First real release
* Plenty of fixes to make it ruby 1.9 ready.
* Added more documentation
* BinRunner tweaks and bug fixes
* Other miscellaneous bug fixes

== 0.0.1
* An initial release for others to play with.
