== Description
Irb's Awesome/Awful/Audacious/Asinine Manager for managing your irb features and commands.
For my irb libraries that use this, see {irbfiles}[http://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles].

== Features
* Manages libraries and commands. Libraries can be as simple as a group of snippets to a set of
  methods wrapped around any gem.
* Commands are just methods that are extended by the default irb object, main.
* Commands can be configured to have aliases.
* Libraries can be configured to be loaded/unloaded at startup.
* Libraries can be loaded within irb.

== Setup
* Define a base directory for your irb commands and config, defaults to ~/.irb.
* Define a config file in :base_directory/iam.yml.
* Drop your libraries under :base_directory/libraries. For quick snippets drop them under
  :base_directory/libraries.rb as methods.

TODO: Explain library format


== Examples
By default you get commands for listing/searching commands and libraries:

  irb >> libraries
  +----------------------+--------+--------+
  | name                 | type   | loaded |
  +----------------------+--------+--------+
  | irb_options          | method | true   |
  | railsrc              | method | true   |
  | aliases              | method | true   |
  | history              | method | true   |
  | local_gem            | method | true   |
  | core_extensions      | method | true   |
  | wirble               | gem    | true   |
  | duration             | method | true   |
  | utility_belt         | gem    | true   |
  | history_commands     | gem    | true   |
  | tree_commands        | gem    | true   |
  | iam/commands         | module | true   |
  | hirb/console         | module | true   |
  | pp                   | gem    | false  |
  | method_lister        | gem    | false  |
  | what_methods         | gem    | false  |
  | print_object_methods | module | false  |
  | and_and              | gem    | false  |
  | rake_commands        | module | false  |
  +----------------------+--------+--------+
  19 rows in set
  => nil

  >> commands
  +------------------+------------------+-------+
  | name             | lib              | alias |
  +------------------+------------------+-------+
  | not              | utility_belt     |       |
  | v                | utility_belt     |       |
  | quiet            | utility_belt     |       |
  | grep_methods     | utility_belt     |       |
  | q                | utility_belt     |       |
  | verbose          | utility_belt     |       |
  | grep_classes     | utility_belt     |       |
  | clipboard_copy   | utility_belt     | pbc   |
  | clipboard_paste  | utility_belt     | pbp   |
  | edit_history     | history_commands | eh    |
  | print_history    | history_commands | ph    |
  | eval_history     | history_commands |       |
  | inheritance_tree | tree_commands    | itree |
  | nested_tree      | tree_commands    | ntree |
  | commands         | iam/commands     | com   |
  | libraries        | iam/commands     | lib   |
  | load_library     | iam/commands     | ll    |
  | table            | hirb/console     |       |
  | view             | hirb/console     |       |
  +------------------+------------------+-------+
  19 rows in set

== Todo
* put snippets under one library 
* gemify
* Refactor + tests!
* Search libraries + commands
* Add descriptions + tags to libraries + commands
* better support for loading libraries within irb
* binary to wrap around irb to easily load groups of libraries
